TST Extend tests for `scipy.sparse/*array` in `sklearn/manifold/tests/test_spectral_embedding` (#27240)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.4.rst

  with a corresponding :class:`~preprocessing.FunctionTransformer` in the
  fitted ``transformers_`` attribute. :pr:`27204` by `Adrin Jalali`_.

> - |Fix| raise an explicit error message that sparse matrices and arrays with `np.int64`
>   indices are not supported in :func:`cluster.spectral_clustering` and
>   :class:`cluster.SpectralClustering`.
>   :pr:`27240` by :user:`Yao Xiao <Charlie-XIAO>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |Fix| :func:`cluster.spectral_clustering` and :class:`cluster.SpectralClustering`
  now raise an explicit error message indicating that sparse matrices and arrays
  with `np.int64` indices are not supported.
  :pr:`27240` by :user:`Yao Xiao <Charlie-XIAO>`.
```
